'Mirror Only' Accept personal information handling terms

1. Purpose of processing personal information <SEOFT> ('terms.tistory.com' 
or 'SEOFT') processes personal information for the following purposes, and 
does not use it for any purpose other than the following purposes .

2. Rights and obligations of information subject and how to exercise them 
As a subject of personal information, users can exercise the following 
rights.

  ① The information subject can exercise the following personal 
information protection rights with respect to <SEOFT> ('SEOFT') at any 
time.

  1. Request to view personal information
  2. Request for correction in case of errors
  3. Deletion request
  4. Request for suspension of processing

3. Fill in the items of personal information to be processed
  ① <SEOFT> ('terms.tistory.com' or 'SEOFT') handles the following 
personal information items.

  To use the service, we manage the following items.
  - No management items

4. Destruction of personal information <SEOFT> ('SEOFT'), in principle, 
destroys the personal information without delay when the user wants. The 
procedure, deadline and method of destruction are as follows.

  - Immediate destruction of personal information upon request for 
destruction (seoft.dev@gmail.com)

5. Measures to ensure the safety of personal information <SEOFT> ('SEOFT') 
takes the following technical/managerial and physical measures necessary 
to secure safety in accordance with Article 29 of the Personal Information 
Protection Act.

  1. Establishment and implementation of internal management plan
  For the safe handling of personal information, an internal management 
plan is established and implemented.

  2. Restriction of access to personal information
  We take necessary measures to control access to personal information by 
granting, changing, or canceling access rights to the database system that 
handles personal information, and we control unauthorized access from 
outside by using an intrusion prevention system.

  3. Access control for unauthorized persons
  We set up a separate physical storage location for personal information 
and establish and operate access control procedures.

6. Personal information protection manager
  ① SEOFT ('terms.tistory.com', hereinafter 'SEOFT') is responsible for 
overall handling of personal information, and for handling complaints and 
damage relief of information subjects related to personal information 
processing, personal information as follows We designate a person in 
charge of information protection.
 
  ▶ Person in charge of personal information protection and department in 
charge
  Name: SEOFT
  Position: Representative
  Position: Representative
  Contact: seoft.dev@gmail.com

  ② Information subjects can inquire about personal information 
protection related inquiries, complaint handling, damage relief, etc. that 
occurred while using the service of <SEOFT> to the person in charge of 
personal information protection and the department in charge. <SEOFT> will 
respond to and process inquiries from information subjects without delay.

7. Changes to the Privacy Policy
  1. This Privacy Policy is applied from the enforcement date, and if 
there is an addition, deletion or correction of changes in accordance with 
laws and policies, it will be notified through notices 7 days prior to 
implementation.
  2. This Privacy Policy is effective from August 14, 2022.
